2016.1:
 * Version 2.8
 * Modified the width of pipe_tx_*_sigs, common_commands_in and common_commands_out
 * Changes to HDL library management to support Vivado IP simulation library
 * Added HAS_BURST parameter on M_AXI interfaces for SmartConnect optimization
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.4.2:
 * Version 2.7 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 2.7 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 2.7 (Rev. 1)
 * Fixed intermittent MSI packet lost (Xilinx Answer 65647)

2015.3:
 * Version 2.7
 * Fixed GTP DRP write issue - (Xilinx Answer 63182)
 * For EXTERNAL PIPE INTERFACE mode, a new file xil_sig2pipe.v is delivered in the simulation directory and it replaces the phy_sig_gen.v. BFM/VIPâ€™s should interface with the xil_sig2pipe instance in board.v
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances

2015.2.1:
 * Version 2.6 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 2.6 (Rev. 1)
 * Added an option to hide RP BAR to prevent CPU from unnecessarily enumerating large RP BAR
 * Added an option to have 4GB RP BAR size (Address Translation will not be performed if 4GB BAR is used)
 * Added support to handle empty S-AXI data beat at the beginning of PCIe transaction
 * Fixed back-to-back AXI Lite transaction lock up
 * Fixed s_axi_ctl_wstrb use case for AXI Lite transaction towards PCIe bridge
 * Fixed parameter propagation for ext_ch_gt_drpclk port in IPI
 * Added support for xq7z100 device
 * Added synthesizable RP example design

2015.1:
 * Version 2.6
 * Added support for RP example design
 * Added support for shared logic in RP
 * Added ffv1156, fbv484, fbv676 packages support
 * Added PIPE simulation support for EP and RP example designs
 * Replaced PCIe Gen2 Streaming core files in Endpoint example design with Root Port model files consisting of dsport and usrapp
 * Added Transceiver debug and status port txinhibit as a part of EOU item

2014.4.1:
 * Version 2.5 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2014.4:
 * Version 2.5 (Rev. 1)
 * Added support for Zynq xc7z035 device
 * Removed old ISE based XCS tags

2014.3:
 * Version 2.5
 * Fixed IPI issue for x1gen1 on propagation of 62.5Mhz FREQ_HZ parameter for input clocks obtained during upgrade from older versions
 * Added support for Kintex7 Low voltage (0.9v) variants, for only Gen1 speed
 * Removed unused Virtex6 and Spartan6 primitives
 * Added support for kintex7 Defense grade Low voltage (0.9v) variants, for only Gen1 speed.
 * Fixed CPLL power spike on power up issue (AR 59294)

2014.2:
 * Version 2.4
 * Added AZynq7030 device support
 * Added QArtix 50t device support
 * Enabled External PIPE interface support only when shared logic option "Shared Logic (clocking) in example design" is selected
 * Removed axi_aclk, axi_ctl_aclk input pins
 * Fixed IPI issue of 62.5Mhz output clock for x1gen1 64-bit configuration
 * Added support for 125Mhz Reference clock frequency

2014.1:
 * Version 2.3 (Rev. 1)
 * Removed dependency of AxRegion inputs
 * Added support for Zynq xc7z015 device
 * Added artix7l and aartix7 devices support for 35t, 75t, 50t
 * Added CPG236, CSG325 packages support
 * Base/High parameters of slave are set from IP bd.tcl instead of IPI internal C++ function
 * AXI BRAM controller used in example design is changed from version 3.0 to 4.0
 * Fixed AXI upsizer module on read request to handle packet correctly.
 * Removed S6,V6 related files and instances.
 * Fixed fifo full logic issue in cfg_event_handler
 * Fixed 62.5Mhz userclk1 for x1gen1 configuration when shared logic is selected in core

2013.4:
 * Version 2.3
 * Added default configuration values for AXI and PCIe BARs
 * Added support for External PIPE Interface
 * Added XC7Z200TSBG484 device support
 * Added support for Artix7 35t, 50t and 75t devices
 * Added 3 new ports - pipe_rxstatus, pipe_eyescandataerror and pipe_dmonitordout to the transceiver debug interface
 * Added logic to power down CPLL until it is required during the PCIe link bring-up
 * Fixed timing issue for x1gen1 configuration for Artix 7 devices
 * Fixed data reordering issue when Narrow Burst transfer is enabled

2013.3:
 * Version 2.2
 * Added support for shared logic
 * Usage of PCI_USE_MODE parameter is modified as per gen2 core
 * Added Out of Context support
 * Added transceiver Control Debug signals
 * Added EXT GT DRP signals to core top level
 * Reduced warnings in synthesis and simulation
 * Updated XDC to match IP hierarchy
 * Added support for Cadence IES Simulator
 * Example design added
 * Added GES_and_Production for all 7 Series devices.
 * Added XDC Constraints for clock inputs
 * Added support for upgrade from previous versions

2013.2:
 * Version 2.1
 * Updated proc_common helper IP to v4.0
 * Solved ordering issue seen in X4G2 configuration
 * Switch Enumeration Capability in RC Mode
 * Solved 2nd unaligned missing completion in X4G2
 * Enhanced IPI support

2013.1:
 * Version 2.0
 * Updated IP GUI for IPI
 * Corrected Data Corruption issue seen in X4G2 configurations
 * Updated GT Wrappers
 * Marked Kintex7 devices production

(c) Copyright 2002 - 2016 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
